cloud: update release notes for 20221108 (#11226)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes-2022.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## November 8, 2022

> 

Reviewer: Do we need to classify these changes?

Author: ```suggestion

**General changes**

```

Author: done

> * Support point-in-time recovery (PITR).

Reviewer: Please highlight that this change is for the Dedicated Tier clusters.

Author: Done

> * Support point-in-time recovery (PITR) for [Dedicated Tier](/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters.

Reviewer 2: 要不要标注 (Beta) 呢？

Author: ```suggestion
* Support point-in-time recovery (PITR) for [Dedicated Tier](/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters (beta).
```

>     PITR supports restoring data of any point in time to a new cluster. It can be used to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    PITR supports restoring data of any point in time to a new cluster. You can use it to:
```

    * Reduce RPO in disaster recovery.

>     * Resolve cases of data write errors by restoring point in time that is before the error event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Resolve cases of data write errors by restoring to a point-in-time before the error event.
```

    * Audit the historical data of the business.

>     To use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8C/16G.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB.
```

>     In addition, with PITR, TiDB Cloud supports setting the backup storage region for clusters located in Tokyo and Osaka regions, so that backup data can be stored in both Tokyo and Osaka, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. When you restore data, you can choose either region for the new cluster.

Reviewer: Tokyo and Osaka regions are for AWS or GCP? Could we provide the information here as well?

Author: @IANTHEREAL PTAL

Author: GCP only

>     In addition, with PITR, TiDB Cloud supports setting the backup storage region for clusters located in Tokyo and Osaka regions, so that backup data can be stored in both Tokyo and Osaka, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. When you restore data, you can choose either region for the new cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In addition, with PITR, you can set the backup storage region for clusters located in Tokyo and Osaka regions, so that backup data can be stored in both Tokyo and Osaka, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. When you restore data, you can choose either region for the new cluster.
```

    For more information, see [Back up and Restore TiDB Cluster Data](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md).

    This feature is still in beta and only available upon request:

    * Click **Help** in the lower-right corner of TiDB Cloud console.
    * In the dialog, fill in "Apply for PITR" in the **Description** field and click **Send**.

> * Improve the user feedback channel and the PoC application process.

Reviewer: PoC application process is actually not changed. The UI just add one more entrance for PoC application. Could we not mention "and the PoC application process"?

Author: ```suggestion
* Improve the user feedback channel.
```

>     Now you can request a demo or credits by submitting your requirements in **Support** > **Get Feedback** in the TiDB Cloud console. This can be helpful if you want to learn more about TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: Is this change visible in the staging environment now?  I see **Give Feedback** there. Not sure if it is the latest UI.

Author: It's already in the staging environment now.

Author: ```suggestion
    Now you can request a demo or credits by submitting your requirements in **Support** > **Give Feedback** in the TiDB Cloud console. This can be helpful if you want to learn more about TiDB Cloud.
```

    After receiving your request, we will contact you to provide help as soon as possible.

## October 28, 2022

> * Developer Tier is upgraded to [Serverless Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#serverless-tier-beta). Serverless Tier, a fully-managed, auto-scaling deployment of TiDB, is now available. It is still in beta and free to use.

Reviewer: Do we need to classify these changes?

Author: done

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## November 8, 2022

**General changes**

> * Support point-in-time recovery (PITR) for [Dedicated Tier](/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters (beta).

Author: ```suggestion
* Support point-in-time recovery (PITR) for [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters (beta).
```

> * Support point-in-time recovery (PITR) for [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters (beta).
> 
>     PITR supports restoring data of any point in time to a new cluster. You can use it to:
> 
>     * Reduce RPO in disaster recovery.
>     * Resolve cases of data write errors by restoring point-in-time that is before the error event.
>     * Audit the historical data of the business.
> 
>     To use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB.
> 
>     In addition, with PITR, you can set the backup storage region for clusters located in Tokyo and Osaka regions (for GCP only), so that backup data can be stored in both Tokyo and Osaka, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. When you restore data, you can choose either region for the new cluster.
> 
>     For more information, see [Back up and Restore TiDB Cluster Data](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md).
> 
>     This feature is still in beta and only available upon request:
> 
>     * Click **Help** in the lower-right corner of TiDB Cloud console.
>     * In the dialog, fill in "Apply for PITR" in the **Description** field and click **Send**.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

* Improve the user feedback channel.

>     Now you can request a demo or credits by submitting your requirements in **Support** > **Give Feedback** in the TiDB Cloud console. This can be helpful if you want to learn more about TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now you can request a demo or credits in **Support** > **Give Feedback** in the TiDB Cloud console. This can be helpful if you want to learn more about TiDB Cloud.
```
